## **Sentiment Analysis StitchFix and DailyLook personalized styling services for comparison**

The study aims to identify the satisfaction of StitchFix and Daily Look customers with the services and clothing provided by both businesses. Customer satisfaction for both businesses will be compared in terms of customer satisfaction and loyalty. These companies rely on customers paying a monthly subscription for these styling services with Stitch requiring customers a $20 fee and DailyLook requiring $40. DailyLook is obviously more expensive but has considerable customer following and claims of good quality clothing. To better understand which styling service offers better service, an intensive sentiment analysis will help and allow a proper comparison analysis for the customer satisfaction and loyalty levels of Stitch Fix and Daily Look.
The sentiment analysis will employ classification algorithm models such as logistic regression to classify the reviews. The resulting analysis will provide insights into the positive and negative aspects of Stitch Fix and Daily Look's individualized styling services. The sentiment analysis will give a broad view of the consumer experience, identifying areas of customer satisfaction and dissatisfaction. The criteria for satisfied or positive sentiments are consumers happy and satisfied with the StitchFix or DailyLook services. In contrast, the dissatisfied or negative sentiment are for unsatisfied consumers with services or had bad experiences. The comparative analysis will allow us to analyze the sentiments of both businesses and compare customer loyalty and satisfaction rates of both businesses to determine which consumer prefers.
